tmsh list sys sshd inactivity-timeout#600
tmsh list sys sshd banner#enabled
tmsh list sys sshd banner-text #"You are accessing a U.S. Government (USG) Information System (IS) that is provided for USG-authorized use only. By using this IS (which includes any device attached to this IS), you consent to the following conditions: The USG routinely intercepts and monitors communications on this IS for purposes including, but not limited to, penetration testing, COMSEC monitoring, network operations and defense, personnel misconduct (PM), law enforcement (LE), and counterintelligence (CI) investigations. At any time, the USG may inspect and seize data stored on this IS. Communications using, or data stored on, this IS are not private, are subject to routine monitoring, interception, and search, and may be disclosed or used for any USG authorized purpose. This IS includes security measures (e.g., authentication and access controls) to protect USG interests--not for your personal benefit or privacy. Notwithstanding the above, using this IS does not constitute consent to PM, LE or CI investigative searching or monitoring of the content of privileged communications, or work product, related to personal representation or services by attorneys, psychotherapists, or clergy, and their assistants. Such communications and work product are private and confidential. See User Agreement for details."
tmsh list sys ntp timezone#UTC
tmsh list sys db ui.advisory.enabled value#true
tmsh list sys db ui.advisory.color value#green
tmsh list sys db ui.advisory.text value#"//UNCLASSIFIED//"
tmsh list sys db ui.system.preferences.advancedselection value#advanced
tmsh list sys db ui.system.preferences.recordsperscreen value#100
tmsh list sys db ui.system.preferences.startscreen value#network_map
tmsh list sys db ui.users.redirectsuperuserstoauthsummary value#true
tmsh list sys db dns.cache value#enable
tmsh list sys db big3d.minimum.tls.version value#TLSV1.2
tmsh list sys db liveinstall.checksig value#enable
tmsh list sys httpd auth-pam-dashboard-timeout#on
tmsh list sys httpd max-clients#10
tmsh list sys httpd auth-pam-idle-timeout#600
tmsh list sys httpd ssl-ciphersuite#FIPS:!RSA:!SSLv3:!TLSv1:!3DES:!ADH
tmsh list sys httpd ssl-protocol#TLSv1.2
tmsh list sys httpd redirect-http-to-https#enabled
tmsh list cli global-settings idle-timeout#10
tmsh list sys global-settings console-inactivity-timeout#600
tmsh list sys software update auto-check#disabled
tmsh list sys software update auto-phonehome#disabled
tmsh list sys daemon-log-settings mcpd audit#enabled
tmsh list sys daemon-log-settings mcpd log-level#notice
tmsh list sys global-settings gui-security-banner#enabled
tmsh list sys global-settings gui-security-banner-text #"You are accessing a U.S. Government (USG) Information System (IS) that is provided for USG-authorized use only. By using this IS (which includes any device attached to this IS), you consent to the following conditions: The USG routinely intercepts and monitors communications on this IS for purposes including, but not limited to, penetration testing, COMSEC monitoring, network operations and defense, personnel misconduct (PM), law enforcement (LE), and counterintelligence (CI) investigations. At any time, the USG may inspect and seize data stored on this IS. Communications using, or data stored on, this IS are not private, are subject to routine monitoring, interception, and search, and may be disclosed or used for any USG authorized purpose. This IS includes security measures (e.g., authentication and access controls) to protect USG interests--not for your personal benefit or privacy. Notwithstanding the above, using this IS does not constitute consent to PM, LE or CI investigative searching or monitoring of the content of privileged communications, or work product, related to personal representation or services by attorneys, psychotherapists, or clergy, and their assistants. Such communications and work product are private and confidential. See User Agreement for details."
tmsh list gtm global-settings general#iquery-minimum-tls-version TLSv1.2
tmsh list sys snmp communities#none
tmsh list sys daemon-log-settings tmm os-log-level#informational
tmsh list sys daemon-log-settings tmm ssl-log-level#informational
tmsh list auth password-policy expiration-warning#7
tmsh list auth password-policy max-duration#60
tmsh list auth password-policy max-login-failures#3
tmsh list auth password-policy min-duration#1
tmsh list auth password-policy minimum-length#15
tmsh list auth password-policy password-memory#5
tmsh list auth password-policy policy-enforcement#enabled
tmsh list auth password-policy required-lowercase#2
tmsh list auth password-policy required-numeric#2
tmsh list auth password-policy required-special#2
tmsh list auth password-policy required-uppercase#2
